Version 5.0 edits (#16)
mongodb/docs-django: source/get-started/install.txt

      .. code-block:: bash

>          pip install django-mongodb-backend=={+django-version+}.0<patch-version>
> 
>       Replace the ``<patch-version>`` placeholder with the patch version you want
>       to install (``a1``, ``a2``, ``a3``, or ``b0``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         pip install "django-mongodb-backend=={+django-version+}.*"

      This installs the latest compatible of our library for {+django-version+}.
```
